<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# bloock

```go
import "github.com/bloock/bloock-sdk-go/v2"
```

Package bloock provides a centralized configuration for the Bloock SDK library.

For information about Bloock SDK in Go, see https://bloock.com.

## Index

- [Variables](#variables)
- [func SetContractAddess\(network integrity.Network, contractAddress string\)](#SetContractAddess)
- [func SetProvider\(network integrity.Network, provider string\)](#SetProvider)


## Variables

<a name="ApiHost"></a>ApiHost is a string variable representing the host URL used for API communication with the Bloock SDK.

```go
var ApiHost string
```

<a name="ApiKey"></a>ApiKey is a string variable representing the API key used for authentication with the Bloock SDK. Create one \[here\]. \[here\]: https://dashboard.bloock.com/login

```go
var ApiKey string
```

<a name="DisableAnalytics"></a>DisableAnalytics is a boolean variable that, when set to true, disables the analytics feature in the Bloock SDK.

```go
var DisableAnalytics bool = false
```

<a name="ForceEnv"></a>ForceEnv is a string variable used to force a specific environment configuration. It allows developers to set a predefined environment for the Bloock SDK.

```go
var ForceEnv string = ""
```

<a name="IdentityApiHost"></a>IdentityApiHost is a string variable representing the host URL used for Identity Managed API. Required to be set for identity\-related features of the Bloock SDK.

```go
var IdentityApiHost string = ""
```

<a name="NetworkConfig"></a>NetworkConfig is a map variable that holds network configurations associated with specific network IDs in the Bloock SDK.

```go
var NetworkConfig map[int32]*proto.NetworkConfig = make(map[int32]*proto.NetworkConfig)
```

<a name="SetContractAddess"></a>
## func SetContractAddess

```go
func SetContractAddess(network integrity.Network, contractAddress string)
```

SetContractAddess sets the contract address for the specified network in the Bloock SDK configuration.

<a name="SetProvider"></a>
## func SetProvider

```go
func SetProvider(network integrity.Network, provider string)
```

SetProvider sets the HTTP provider for the specified network in the Bloock SDK configuration.

Generated by [gomarkdoc](https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc)
